So what are the solutions that would protect our application against ill injection?
Well, there are so many solutions, but the most common solutions are using PD or whenever you are
connecting to your database, you need to use video PD or or you can use the repair function where they
might ask you, I object.
So you have to.
These are the most common two solutions that you can use in order to prevent hackers and bad users from
injecting or using you inject injection technique to get access to your database or harm your database.
So let me show you how these things, these two solutions could be helpful.
So I have here prepared this document where it shows the two the the two solutions.
And I'm going to be implementing the two solutions and showing you how to use them.
So the first solution is BDO.
So with BDO, all you need to do is that instead of using the simple minus connection function, you
can use the PD or object to connect to the database.
And then you need to use the prepare to prepare the prepare function and then and then just pass the,
the scale query.
However, here you aren't going to pass the the piece of data that the user is going to provide you
directly to the query.
Instead, you are just going to pass here some kind of a holder, and then you will use the mind program
to pass that piece of data that the user is going to provide you.
And in our case, it's a user ID and then.
Then you can use the execute function to execute that query and everything is going to be fine.
So this is the first solution.
The second solution is to use my usual AI, as we already used, as we as we already have.
But the only difference is that instead of using the wide scale query function, we will be using the
preparer function.
The proper function is more secure and it allows you to have here some kind of a holder.
And then you can use the excuse function and pass the the data that you want to pass to the query using
the execute function.
So this way you will be protecting your database against your your application and database against
this Google injection.
So let's implement these two solutions.
Let me start with video.
So remember, here we have this application.
Allow me again, go back to the first example, which is the college example student.
Finder.
And let me fill my database.
My my tables with my table with data is I have this command.
Let me first insert remember I deleted I was a hacker.
I was pretending that I was a hacker and I deleted the the table completely let so like my database
and let me insert the table one more time.
So let me here click on go and set the table and insert the data.
So now I have the I have the users table again in my database.
Let me now go back to the index.
And now what I'm going to do is that I am going to use instead of using the config here, I'm going
to remove this config.
Instead I'm going to use New and then PDR.
And then I'm going to say here.
PD oh.
Is equal to or let's say con.
Yes, con is equal to PDR.
And then I'm going to pass the credentials.
So the credentials are here.
So these are the credentials.
Let me copy them and let me pass them here to this BDO.
So the PDR function takes the first parameter is the database name.
So this is the database.
This is the.
The limit.
Take one more time.
So the first one is my database name.
First, we need to pass the database name and then the host.
So here's what I'm going to do, is that I'm going to pass the database name.
The name of the database must be here, BHP and then underscore project.
And then the second parameter.
Is the remember the second parameter?
Let me copy it from here in order not to go back and forth because they want to save some time.
So here might ask you a data database.
The database is here is project P2P underscore project.
The second parameter is host is equal to localhost.
So here.
Look out.
Lost.
The third parameter is the username.
The username is root and the last parameter is the password.
The password is nothing.
So this is the, the, the parameter.
This is the variable that I'm going to be using to connect to the database.
Then what we need to do is that we need to use the prepare function.
So what I'm going to do here is that I'm going to say.
Here inside this statement.
Instead of using my excuse, Ill agree I'm going to remove this and I'm going to say con and then I'm
going to call a function called repair and then I'm going to pass the query.
Select all from users where user ID is equal to this time, the user ID is going to be equal to a placeholder,
so it's going to be equal to colon and then user underscore IP.
And then what we need to do is that Laney check this one more time is that we need to use this and maybe
copy this code.
Me copy the complete code instead of.
Going back and forth.
So I'm going to piece that code here and I'm going to delete what needs to be deleted.
First, I'm going to remove this line and I'm going to remove this one and this free and.
Here.
What we need to do is that we need to address like this and here the user I.D. and then execute.
And then finally, we need to remove this and we need to echo.
We need to say.
Your echo.
And then the result, the result now is going to be here.
So instead of saying result, I'm going to I'm going to remove this.
Conviction.
I'm going to remove this and then I'm going to say statement is the edge.
And then here I'm going to say result.
So the result is going to be equal to the executed here.
Result is equal to execute, but we cannot use the associate here.
Instead, we can use the in order to display the result.
I think we can use the var, let's use the var dump or the print instead.
So instead of using this, I'm going to comment this out and then I'm going to say.
Var dump.
I'm going I'm going to use here the result.
Let me now sleep and let me hear the negative to twist.
So now, now let me first remove this parameter and then refresh.
And now we have the college student finder application.
Let me give you type three, for example, and let me click on find.
If you click on find, I'm going to get to your boolean.
True.
So I should get the result.
And to display the result, you can display the result.
We can here use the fetch function so you can here say it's a sketch and then sketch all.
And this is going to print all the the original.
So here, if I refresh, as you can see, I'm going to get the, uh, I'm going to get the complete
array.
But this is not helpful.
Usually in real applications, you would, you wouldn't use the dump.
Instead, you would use while or for each, let's use for each.
So here I'm going to say for each.
And then for each weight for each.
For each SDH Finch all pitch, all as raw.
And then for each row, we want to display the username, the the, the username, the email.
Let me save and let me pay the number back and refresh.
And as you can see, I am going to get the username of the email.
If I say fly, for example, I'm going to get the name and the email and let's now test whether I will
I will be able to inject or not.
So here I'm going to say one or one is equal to one, and then I'm going to click on Find.
So as you can see, I will not be able to inject a scale.
I will only get the first user.
If I say two or one is equal to one, I will not be able to do that either.
So I have predicted now in my application against against this bath practice also let me here try to
say one and then drop user drop table users.
So it's not going to drop the table in here.
Refresh and check whether the table has been dropped or not.
So the table is there.
The table has not been dropped.
Of course, hackers every day try to come up with new ideas and new methods to get around the protection
that we have that many developers have.
And they they unfortunately succeeded a lot in doing this.
So what you need to do is that you need to be up to date when it comes to protecting your application.
But if you follow best practices, you will not be vulnerable to these attacks and you will always protect
your applications.
So it's very, very important to take security into account while developing your application and be
up to date when it comes to best practices and what you need to do and what you need to avoid in order
not to be vulnerable to these kinds of attacks.